Clarifying user-event's capabilities vs fire-event (#1102)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/user-event/intro.mdx

type in a disabled text box.  
This is
[why you should use `user-event`](https://ph-fritsche.github.io/blog/post/why-userevent)
to test interaction with your components. 

There are, however, some user interactions or aspects of these [that aren't yet implemented and thus can't yet be described with `user-event`](https://github.com/testing-library/user-event/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aaccuracy%2Cenhancement).
In these cases you can use `fireEvent` to dispatch the concrete events that your software relies on.

Note that this makes your component and/or test reliant upon your assumptions about the concrete aspects of the interaction being correct.

> Therefore if you already put in the work to specify the correct aspects of such interaction, please consider contributing to this project so that user-event might cover these cases too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore if you already put in the work to specify the correct aspects of such interaction, please consider contributing to this project so that `user-event` might cover these cases too.
```

type in a disabled text box.  
This is
[why you should use `user-event`](https://ph-fritsche.github.io/blog/post/why-userevent)
to test interaction with your components. 

> There are, however, some user interactions that can't yet be described with `user-event` - selecting values on a slider, for example - for which `fire-event` is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are, however, some user interactions or aspects of these [that aren't yet implemented and thus can't yet be described with `user-event`](https://github.com/testing-library/user-event/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aaccuracy%2Cenhancement).
In these cases you can use `fireEvent` to dispatch the concrete events that your software relies on.
```

We should link to the issue board here instead of cementing these limitations.

Maybe this is a good place to ask for contributions.

> Note that this makes your component and/or test reliant upon your assumptions about the concrete aspects of the interaction being correct.
Therefore if you already put in the work to specify the correct aspects of such interaction, please consider contributing to this project so that `user-event` might cover these cases too.
